Shitshield is a series of [uBlacklist](https://github.com/iorate/ublacklist) block lists used to block SEO spam, stop further [enshittification of the internet](https://doctorow.medium.com/social-quitting-1ce85b67b456) and make searching useful and fun again.

# Lists
Lists are mutually exclusive. If a website is on one list, it will not be on another, unless a subdomain is drastically different to the rest of the site and warrants to be included in another list.
* shitshield-content-farm: Blocks entire websites that consists of low-quality content written by AI or lifted from another source often without permission. These websites engage in keyword stuffing and offer no useful information.
* shitshield-comparison: Blocks websites that mass-create comparisons coupled with low-quality analysis.
* shitshield-poor-ugc: Blocks unhelpful user-generated content like poorly moderated Q&A sites that reward users for contributing content no matter how useless it is.
* shitshield-seo: Blocks unuseful, SEO-crafted content designed to allow profit from affiliate links or be soft advertising blog posts. These websites are usually written to funnel clicks toward the core product being sold or advertised.
* shitshield-stock: Blocks stock image websites that are not necessarily poor-quality.

# Why is my website included?
If your website is on a list, it most likely has at least one of these issues:
* Writers use stock photos or AI-generated profile pictures to deceive the reader that the author is real or someone else
* Writers systematically publish under a fake name without declaring that a pseudonym is used
* Content is low-quality and largely generated by AI, or copied from other websites (content farms)
* Content is written to increase traffic to a website that sells a product, and that content is more or less unrelated to the product (if the promotional content is on its own subdomain or path, only that part will be blocked)
* The website isn't a blog or a hobby website but only one or a few authors created a large amount of content
* Post titles are engineered to be SEO-friendly, such as writing them as questions, including the year in the title, and starting the post with a number or "[SOLVED]" in the style of clickbait content. Examples:
  * Top 7 tips to make your iPhone faster
  * Is your laptop slow? Here's how to fix it [2024 guide]
  * [FIXED] Why won't my iPhone work properly?
* The word count is artificially inflated to include more SEO keywords, resulting in a long-winded article without much substance

There are exceptions for high-quality content. If you don't think your website should belong on the list, open an issue to explain why.

If you think the list should include a website or that a current rule is wrong, also open an issue.

# License
The block list is licensed under [Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal](https://creativecommons.org/public-domain/cc0/).
